We just wrote out two tests to handle validation around our request handler.
So now we have to do the actual implementation.
Remember how we are doing validation of incoming requests.
At the very top we are going to import that library.
It's typically the body function from express validator.
We use this body function to validate certain properties on the incoming request body.
So we're going to wire this thing up as a middleware.
I'm going to put the validation logic right after require auth.
If a user is not authenticated, I don't really want to waste any time trying to validate the body.
So we're going to make sure we put these things right after that.
If we put it before then we would do the validation and then check to see if the user is authenticated.
So let's try to essentially fail early and get out as soon as possible.
So now inside this array, we'll list out all the different properties we want to validate by using
that body function.
So I'm going to call Bodhi.
The first property I want to try to validate is title.
And in this case, I'm going to make sure.
That it is not empty.
So we call not is empty.
If it is.
I will return a custom error message of title is required.
The not is empty check right here is going to handle both the case in which a title is not provided
and the case in which the title is provided.
But it is an empty string.
I remember just doing this validation check right here.
Doesn't really cause any errors to be thrown or a response to be sent back or anything like that.
Instead, it's going to set an error on the incoming request.
It is then up to you and I to inspect that request and somehow respond to it if required.
We already encoded or handled all that logic back inside of our common module, specifically in that
validate request middleware.
So again, we take a look at that request.
We see if there were any errors, if there were, we then throw that request validation error.
So we do have to wire up that, validate request middleware right after that validation attempt to make
sure that all occurs.
So I will once again find my common module import and I will add in validate request.
And then after the validation attempt, I will add in validate request.
Okay.
So that should be it for the title.
Let's save this.
Go back over to our terminal and it looks like that test is now passing.
Okay.
Not bad.
Now we're going to repeat that same process over for the price.
So as a second element inside this array, I'm now going to add in body.
I want to look at price.
And then with this thing, when we ever we enter in a price, I'm going to assume that we were working
with the US dollars.
US dollars can have both dollar values and cents or in other words, a decimal.
So I really want to check and make sure that this is some kind of decimal value.
And as we saw in our test, we wrote out, we also probably want to validate and make sure that this
thing is greater than zero as well.
So to do so, we're going to write in a check right here of is float.
A float is a number that has a decimal component.
So this is going to make sure that we are providing a number that has a decimal.
Or possibly has a decimal.
As the argument to this, we can provide a balance for this number so we can put in a greater than or
less than check to put in a greater than check.
We'll write in standing for greater than.
And we want to make sure again, this thing is greater than zero.
So then if we fail that check, let's put it in once again a customer error message and we'll say price
must be greater than zero.
All right.
Let's save this.
Go back over.
And it looks like both of our tests around validation are passing.
Fantastic.
Well, that really just leaves us with the last case right here.
We have to actually create a ticket with some valid inputs and make sure it somehow gets saved to the
database or something like that.
So let's start to work on that final test in just a moment.